# Roll call
## Attendees

- Andre de Waal ( Chairperson )
- Ana Echeverri
- Aria Chernik
- John Mertic ( Linux Foundation )
- Susan Davidson

## Regrets

- Aric Labarr
- David Mongeau
- Goutam Chakraborty
- Haluk Demirkan
- James Harroun
- Jennifer Priestley
- Zack Ives

## Agenda

- Edx course
  - Linux Foundation sponsors the development
  - Videos included
  - Example: Ethics in AI and Big Data
    - https://www.edx.org/course/ethics-in-ai-and-big-data
- Growing the OpenDS4All Community
  - IBM presentations
    - Blueprint talk (1,700+ attendees)
    - Global Ambassadors
    - University of Liverpool workshop 26 Mar 2021
  - LF:AI & Data
    - Youakim Badr (Associate Professor of Data Analytics at Penn State)
      - Possible contributions on Deep Learning
      - Deep Dive into Deep Learning
        - https://d2l.ai/
        - All Markup language
    - Dr. Tawhid Chtioui (President Founder and Dean of aivancity School for Technology, Business and Society in Paris)
      - www.aivancity.ai
  - Open Education
    - Andre and Aria exploring options for collaboration
    - Getting students involved
  - One pager 
    - Andre and Haluk working one pager
      - Currently a two pager
      - Essential
        - Do we need to list the modules?
        - Do we need a sample curriculum?
        - Do we need learning outcomes?
        - Do we need lecture hours?
        - Do we need executable environments?
        - Skematic?
- Conferences
    - IBM THINK 2021 (proposal rejected)
    - HICSS 55 (working on proposal)
- Next meeting in 2 weeks

## Notes

- Edx course
  - Have further discussions with the Linux Foundation on details of the process, future updates, etc.
  - Andre to report back at next TSC meeting
- Growing the OpenDS4All Community
  - IBM presentations
    - Very positive feedback
  - LF:AI & Data
    - Reach out to dr. Tawhid Chtioui (President Founder and Dean of aivancity School for Technology, Business and Society in Paris)
      - www.aivancity.ai
  - Open Education
    - Andre and Aria exploring options for collaboration
  - One pager 
    - Andre and Haluk working on one pager
    - TSC members please review two pager sent out to TSC members and give feedback on how to reduce to a one pager
- Conferences
    - HICSS 55 (submit proposal)
- Next meeting in 2 weeks
